# Nonparametric Disturbance Correction and Nonlinear Dual Control

by Edgar D. Klenske

> it is not important to accumulate knowledge\
> it is important to share it

## Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder

Several times during the preparation of my thesis, I saw a beautifully designed
PhD Thesis of someone else and wondered: How did they do it? I never heared
back from anyone I wrote to, since usually university email addresses decay
quickly.

I invested many hours of my life in preparing this thesis. If ever someone
stumbles upon it and wonders how I did something, I would like to help out by
sharing. If it helps anyone to save just a couple of hours in preparing their
thesis, it was worth uploading.

## Caveats and disclaimer

The thesis heavily relies on TikZ and pgfplots. It will take forever to
compile, at least with current CPUs. Recent versions of texlive can cache the
TikZ images for fast compiliation. However, it is possible that this only works
if the pdf is compiled with `pdflatex --shell-escape`. Any way, the first run
will take very long.

While I hopefully achieved a good style for of the compiled document, the
source code would not comply to any software engineering guidelines. There are
things that are not nice, there are things that are questionable, and there are
things that are outright ugly. The source code is provided as is and I am not
responsible if something goes terribly wrong due to the use of my thesis.

Personally, I would see this thesis as a creative work and would license it as
Creative Commons BY-SA 4.0. However, since what's shared is the code, and the
code contains parts from different style templates, packages and so on, I don't
know whether licensing as CC is actually possible.

## Attribution

If the source code of my thesis somehow helped you to achieve your goals, I
would be thankful if you could let me know. Either by adding a little note to
your thesis, by sending me an email or by buying me a cup of coffee if you meet
me at a conference.
